[Area 1] Inline setup markdown migration (#6074)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/email-security/deployment/inline/setup/cisco-cisco-mx.md

---
title: Cisco - Cisco as MX record
pcx_content_type: tutorial
weight: 4
layout: single
meta:
   title: Deploy and configure Area 1 with with Cisco as MX record
---

# Deploy and configure Area 1 with with Cisco as MX record

![A schematic showing where Area 1 security is in the life cycle of an email received](/email-security/static/cisco-mx.png)

> In this tutorial you will learn how to configure Area 1 email security with Cisco as MX record. This tutorial is broken down into several steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will learn how to configure Area 1 email security with Cisco as MX record. This tutorial is broken down into several steps.
```

To add a new SMTP Route:

1. Go to **Network** > **SMTP Routes**.

2. Select **Add Route**.

3. Configure the new SMTP Route as follows:
    * **Receiving Domain**: `a1s.mailstream`
    * In **Destination Hosts**, select **Add Row**, and add the following values to the respective rows:
    Priority | Destination                   | Port
    ------- | ----------------------------- | ---
    `0`      | `mailstream-west.mxrecord.io` | `25`
    `0`      | `mailstream-east.mxrecord.io` | `25`
    `10`     | `mailstream-east.mxrecord.io` | `25`

## 3. Create Incoming Content Filters

To manage the mail flow between Area 1 and Cisco ESA, you need two filters:
* One to direct all incoming messages to Area 1.
* One to recognize messages coming back from Area 1 to route for normal delivery.

### Incoming Content Filter - To Area 1

To create a new Content Filter:

1. Go to **Mail Policies** > **Incoming Content Filters**.

2. Select **Add Filter** to create a new filter.

3. Configure the new Incoming Content Filter as follows:
    * **Name**: `ESA_to_A1S`
    * **Description**: `Redirect messages to Area 1 for anti-phishing inspection`

>     * **Order**: This will depend on your other filters, but do note the order you select.

Reviewer: I didn't understand the part about "note the order". Is there a reason for this?

        * For **Mail Host** input `a1s.mailstream` (the SMTP route configured in step 2).

### Incoming Content Filter - From Area 1

To create a new Content Filter:

1. Go to **Mail Policies** > **Incoming Content Filters**.

2. Select the **Add Filter** button to create a new filter.

3. Configure the new Incoming Content Filter as follows:
    * **Name**: `A1S_to_ESA`
    * **Description**: `Area 1 inspected messages for final delivery`
    * **Order**: This filter must come before the previously created filter.
    * **Conditions**: Add seven conditions of type **Remote IP/Hostname** with the IP addresses mentioned in [Egress IPs](/email-security/deployment/inline/reference/egress-ips/): 
    Order | Condition            | Rule
    ----- | -------------------- | ---
    `1`   | `Remote IP/Hostname` | `52.11.209.211`
    `2`   | `Remote IP/Hostname` | `52.89.255.11`
    `3`   | `Remote IP/Hostname` | `52.0.67.109`
    `4`   | `Remote IP/Hostname` | `54.173.50.115`
    `5`   | `Remote IP/Hostname` | `104.30.32.0/19`
    `6`   | `Remote IP/Hostname` | `158.51.64.0/26`
    `7`   | `Remote IP/Hostname` | `158.51.65.0/26`

>         * Ensure that the *Apply rule:* drop-down is set to **If one or more conditions match**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Ensure that the *Apply rule:* dropdown is set to **If one or more conditions match**.
```

Reviewer: I think you have been using dropdown.
